A 38-year-old Bronx woman was arrested Tuesday and charged with reckless endangerment in the death of her 10-month-old daughter , who was found with a fractured skull and other injuries indicative of child abuse , the police said .Officials with the Bronx district attorney 's office said that their investigation into the mother , Tanisha Tucker , was continuing and that they could not rule out filing additional , more serious charges .The child , Delores Tucker , who was born last February , was discovered dead on Sunday .The city medical examiner 's office concluded that the cause was child abuse syndrome , with her skull and leg fractured , while her torso was ravaged by multiple blunt-force traumas .The child 's death came only weeks after city child welfare workers had been alerted to potential abuse and neglect in the Bronx household , and records indicate that a city caseworker was actively working on an investigation into the matter as recently as 10 days ago ." It is too early in our investigation to come to any conclusion as to whether proper case practices were followed , and so we make no judgments in this regard at this time , " said Nicholas Scoppetta , commissioner of the city 's Administration for Children 's Services .Detectives Tuesday night were still working to sort out events that led to the death of Delores Tucker , one of Tanisha Tucker 's three children , and said they were interviewing neighbors and Ms. Tucker 's other children in an effort to determine if more serious charges can be sustained .Police officials said they were called to Ms. Tucker 's apartment on Hoe Avenue in the Bronx on Sunday by Ms. Tucker 's boyfriend .The friend told detectives that Ms. Tucker had left the children with him on Saturday night so that she could pick up a present in Queens .According to detectives , the boyfriend said he had tried to care for the 10-month-old child after Ms. Tucker said the child had been roughed up by one of the older children .Early Sunday evening , the boyfriend called 911 after the injured child spit up blood and had stopped breathing .The child was declared dead on arrival at Lincoln Hospital ." Child homicides like this can be intricate cases , " said Deputy Chief Charles Kammerdener , head of Bronx detectives ." You have to establish each injury , who did it , who was present .What I have is a child dead of multiple serious injuries .We will get the story sooner or later . "Child welfare officials also pledged to sort out the agency 's performance in the case of Delores Tucker .According to case records , a report of potential abuse or neglect was made to the state child-abuse hot line on Oct. 10 .The anonymous report contended that the Tucker apartment was filthy and that domestic violence might have been a problem .Agency workers familiar with the case files said that a caseworker made 11 separate attempts to contact Ms. Tucker and her children , but that the caseworker was successful in only about half the instances .Detectives said the caseworker had discovered crack vials and inadequate food in the apartment .One agency worker said that records indicated that the caseworker concluded that all three children were being maltreated and that a notation of substantiated abuse was filed on Nov. 13 .Other agency workers said that they had seen no such formal finding .The records indicate that the caseworker 's efforts at dealing with the family were complicated by the fact that Ms. Tucker often gave bogus addresses for where she or the children could be found , and at least once she sent the caseworker to a fake address when the worker asked to examine Delores .They said that the caseworker once threatened to have the children taken away in an effort to force Ms. Tucker to make a scheduled meeting , but that this failed .-LRB- STORY CAN END HERE .OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS The records indicate that as recently as Dec. 19 , the caseworker was actively trying to track down the mother and children .The preliminary case records , however , make no mention of an effort to enlist the police or others in an effort to monitor the household .Detectives said Tuesday night that in August Ms. Tucker allowed Delores ' stepfather in Queens to care for the infant and that Delores had only returned to the Bronx apartment two weeks ago .But they said as many as six neighbors were being interviewed who gave accounts of Ms. Tucker 's mistreatment of Delores .The detectives said the surviving children had told investigators that their mother had beaten the three of them regularly .The detectives said the two older children were also marked by signs of abuse , including burn scars and other bruises .
